with merit the derby storming a very difficult field like the municipal control
honestly generous generous teramo up to the triple whistle
of a confused squillone that nobody liked
let alone to chieti who has closed the 9 for two sa gerat expulsions
coppola thirty-first laurel gladiator the best at 46th
both of the recovery
solitary sites on your head rightly
its strength is a precise name that enhances the black-green audience that the heart
lung but above all mind that reason
gabriele morgan
impeccable provisions that his very correct Lombard rival colleague
will appreciate fine mercy
the teramo will never have very clear opportunities systematically clashing
against the plot of a deadly TT in the restarts and pragmatic consent
disarmingly
the red and white will not suffice a force in possessive will not be enough in the queue
the double superiority
eh already with the big punishment e. all'angolino
de felice arrives in shooting is not resistive
but he pushes lotus the feet of cheaters that succeeds among five red and white players
to put the ball inside the crossbar
1 to 0
the teramo reacts with the heart of the great captain the ex speciale de amicis
and struggling
then he administratively risks nothing except at the first breast
Draco with his knee deflects a bump in the corner
oh d friendship does not surpass santoni in two steps
same story trani same story
but the goal of the same comes only to the twentieth and on a free kick
hats surprise xanthones in the right corner 1 a1
not even time to rejoice and a minute later deliciously served fly
from the excellent big hole in the net head under the teatina curve that
crazy
of teramo starts anger dejection twenty-sixth from the nogare scaraventa of
force from two steps pecks a squillacious arm perhaps covered and does not see
not even what happens to fly on the opposite front
the tt does not give up in 10 without coppola seen at the 35th with a hit of
tomassini
but thirty-eighth thanks again 3 against 2 big serves left fly that de
happy answers on the feet of de matthaeis who raises the average but game stopped for
supposed home
last gasp for the fortieth gagliarducci
46th expelled also laurel beholding naked but also so condemnations gabriel arrived
stop the whole world
racing announcements a great satisfaction
terms
transfer cus chieti-gea fought until the end with taste to mention it 0 alvino
I read the first vision we must black and asks at the cost of going to teramo for
win because but this victory
fair of vital importance to continue our journey for me to
an important piece to this fat video to show that it is not there
because we want to do well, we said it 2 months ago we showed it
today when we have drawn samandar forward we have said we must
win we have to make goal we did in 2 minutes trebisonda lioness damen
I question these attacks at the end
they make us jump for suede to the defense we always cover well we have it
already reiterated
therefore a well-deserved success both from the supporters that followed us mass and from the
players who have all been good from the first to the last even those who are
gone the second time they were exceptional a year a victory wanted
from coach to company and team
does not present the other once the mind gives a radiant face ronconi
we cook a lot of bitterness
what changes between president today
canon gone
but I do not know
castello I leave the Dutch technician to judge
Accelerates searches was written in the mail
but not being was not only written they didn't come playing a game
san gerlando outside the home
the slam dumped lead 2 goals so hunter must say
I think that usually the network via vittorio veneto is part of the garden
cream other part
I'm sorry because we don't give up being able to give one
amber beta markers
our ideas our speeches
perceive sweet ricotta
there are another 30 newspapers
uberemu wojtyla
Lombard installment lists is a beautiful derby however we all agree bitterness
at the bottom for the teramo that has tried to the end
but to say that maybe
it was much nicer you are so nice that you have not some requests
for us, as a show, I meant by mind, 4 well. m reviews on
game of 3 you then from above 1 ancon I like you that I want to analyze the
things that don't sandal the right way from where the teams start
to underline a large estate holding chieti
It is a question of this group of boys who have practically no wrong
intervention in his Thursday on the ground one
maintained well the monster camp facilitates much shrinkage of the space
more reason then if it passes in advantage
the initial goal surely mother was conditioning whatever it may be
we have not spent much to recover
the goal of disadvantage is when the situation seemed to be possible
quietly
check and we had of
in the second a nanosecond situation the attack of the foot is not on again
follow a corner kick in this case
the second go
gabriele morganti
he won when he was sports director at Teramo
coach donated this time directly from the engine
csa teramo that is not paid by calcium with the hunting being the most
from nocera ferrarese
so I am a coach from afar teramo
no apartment aside of course there is none
darling action skirt and teramo fans who suffered as the ride took place
first consideration opens beautiful consideration consideration
look I have to say that if you look at our formation we played against 4 31 80 79
but I have to say that this is a team of the heart, a soul is a unity
of mentality that
does sites sometimes even exceeds any technical-tactical defaiance if
allow me is an exceptional coach all say the confirmation occurred
even today the compliments you have to take them and not only
for my part but also for a Lombard technician who was shown to be well placed
camp in fact cohabiting your little ones
But look, I'm proud of my guys and the fans as to share it
they welcomed me incredibly and now
nixon excited then it really makes me a huge pleasure that I hate this
todisco actions
because I was hoping for the start, you know, but we're keeping it with a lot
humility
and knowing that each time it will be difficult but we will always put this one
leads
it takes soul
group units